Let's go!
Okay, everybody.
This is it!
The activity fair.
A great opportunity for you guys
to blend in with the big kids.
Well, then, not so sure the
preschool safety rope is helping.
Look, as advisor
to the A.N.T. Program,
I need to make sure that you all stay safe,
so that I don't get fired.
So, if you get lost, just
blow your panic whistle.
Gibson, are you lost again?
Nope, not a problem anymore,
Principal Skidmore.
My A.N.T. Pad
has a GPS app.
As soon as I learn to speak Korean,
this will be really helpful.
Wow, look at all these choices!
Physics Club, French Club.
Ooh! Club Sandwich Club!
What are you doing?
Chyna, this school is a jungle.
We're baby gazelles, prancing around,
all wide-eyed
and innocent.
"Oh, look, a watering hole.
"I think I'll stop
and take a drink."
Next thing you know, snap!
A crocodile bites your head off!
You really need to stop
watching those nature specials.
Sometimes, they show them pooping.
Look, we're only required to do
one extracurricular activity
and you already signed up
for the school musical.
To audition.
But I'm up against Lexi,
so who knows if I'll even get a good part.
I mean, the play could be Cats,
and I could end up being the litter box.
Hello, ladies.
Ooh! See?
There you go.
Fletcher's getting into
the spirit of things.
He's signing up for the Renaissance Club.
No! I'm wearing this to protect
myself from the big kids.
Hey, could you pull that down for me?
Yeah. While I'm inside
this, nothing can hurt me.
Wow, the Physics Club is
very desperate for members.
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
♪ Ooh, ooh Doo, doo
Whoo!
♪ Everybody's got that thing
♪ Something different
we all bring
♪ Don't you let 'em
clip your wings
♪ You got it You got it
♪ We're on fire and we blaze
♪ In extraordinary ways
♪ 365 days
♪ We got it We got it
♪ You can dream it
♪ You can be it
♪ If you can feel it
♪ You can believe it
♪ 'Cause I am, you are, we are
♪ Exceptional Exceptional
♪ Yeah, I am, you are, we are
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
Whoo!
Try out for cheer!
Sign up here!
Jump up and wave your arms!
Don't set off the fire alarms!
What?
That's a really good message.
Cameron, you joined Photography Club?
Nope.
Yearbook?
Uh-oh.
There's Lexi,
the biggest,
of them all.odile.
Unfortunately, unlike the chameleon
or the Indonesian mimic octopus,
we have no natural camouflage abilities.
Oh, maybe we do.
Here, just put that on.
Hey, Chyna.
What are you so happy about?
Hey, Lexi.
Hey, Paisley.
So, Chyna,
are you going to try out for cheerleading?
You totally should.
You think?
Don't stop to drink!
Yeah, you'd be great!
You're good at music and dance.
And you've got a really great smile.
Maybe I will sign up.
I can't let you do this.
Ow!
Ooh! I found a pen.
Score!
Forget it.
I am not joining the cheerleaders.
It goes against everything
I stand for as a feminist.
Plus, I'm scared of them.
Besides, we'd make total
fools of ourselves.
My dad says if you really
commit to something
and do your best, you will
never look like a fool.
Of course, he wears black
knee socks with sandals,
but we will overlook that.
Come on, it won't be fun
unless we do it together.
Well, I'm nothing if not fun.
Oh, hey, Fletcher.
How did it go at the Chess Club?
Not well.
Next up is Alive.
Um, my name is Olive.
Oh, okay, Olive!
You can go since this Alive
girl didn't show up.
Okay,
I'm going to do a cheer that I wrote myself
in honor of our beloved
team, the Webster Wolves.
Wolves are tough!
Wolves are strong!
Wolves are typically
60-inches long!
Canis lupus
they're called in Latin!
On badgers, mice, and fox they fatten!
Howling consists of
a fundamental frequency,
which lies between 150 and 780 hertz,
and consists of up to 12
harmonically related overtones!
Why are you blowing your whistle?
Is someone lost?
Olive, your cheer was very educational.
I learned that
I hate you.
Next!
Mmm.
Ka-hyna?
It's Chyna.
People shouldn't sign up
if they're not going to show.
Okay. So.
Shake it to the left!
Shake it to the right!
Stand up, Wolves, and fight, fight, fight!
Push them back!
Wolves attack!
Ow! My nose!
Oh, my gosh!
I'm so sorry!
I think it's bleeding!
Oh, wait, no, you're supposed
to tilt your head forward.
Ow!
My wolf cheer isn't looking
so bad now, is it?
Uh, I must have the wrong room.
I was hoping to join
the End Hunger Today Club?
Sorry,
we're full.
But there is no one here except you.
Fine. Look,
we'll take a vote.
All in favor of letting
Fletcher into the club?
All opposed?
Sorry, it's unanimous.
Are you even trying to end hunger?
You're just eating Buffalo wings.
And thus, ending my hunger.
I feel if I can help just one person, then,
I'm making a difference.
So the End Hunger Today Club
just uses school funds
to buy Buffalo wings?
That was the founder's vision.
Mmm.
Well, I don't think Principal
Skidmore would approve of this.
What's your point, Ant?
Let me in your club or I'll tell
her about your little scam.
Everyone, let's welcome
our new member, Fletcher!
Well, Olive, you were right.
Our tryouts were a complete disaster.
We'll do something else together.
Uh, Paisley, I am so, so,
so sorry about your nose.
Oh, don't be.
I'm hoping it's broken,
so my mom will finally
let me get a nose job!
So, Chyna, about your audition...
No, it's okay.
Being a cheerleader isn't
even important to us anymore.
Olive and I are going to find
something better to do together.
Chyna, you made the squad!
Oh, my gosh!
I'm a cheerleader!
This is the greatest day of my life!
Oh, and by the way, Olive, even
though you didn't make the squad,
I did type up your wolf cheer
and turn it in as my biology paper.
A-plus.
Come on, Chyna.
Let's go get your uniform.
Hey, Olive.
Aw, you look sad.
Tissue?
Angus! Angus!
He's our man.
If he can't hack into the
CIA classified database,
nobody can!
Hey, uh, why are you talking like that?
Lexi says to do it right,
I must cheer both day and night!
Okay, um, where were you at lunch?
Sorry I didn't eat with you!
Cheerleaders met
from 1:00 to 2:00!
Uh, fine. Um.
Hey, wanna come over after school then?
We can make historical hats for my turtle.
The squad is getting their hair done!
Lexi says it's lots of fun!
Can I take a rain check...
Cheer again, I'll punch your neck.
I can't believe you're
making friends with Lexi.
I mean, it's not natural.
Have you ever seen a gazelle and a
crocodile sign each other's yearbooks?
She's not so bad!
Now I have to leave!
It takes forever to get a weave!
Well...
Whatever!
I have plenty of other friends!
I'll just hang out with Angus instead!
All right! I've been
waiting for this moment.
As President of the End Hunger Today Club,
I call this meeting to order.
First item of business, Buffalo wings.
Uh, President?
I don't remember us having an election.
Fine, look, we'll have an election.
Who votes for Cameron?
I can't help it.
You're just so darn charismatic.
Okay.
So, what did you order?
"Mild, mild medium, medium, medium hot,
"hot, extra hot, or 'Ah!
Get this out of my mouth!'"
Just see for yourself.
Aah! Get this
out of my mouth!
Actually, those are the medium.
I don't care, get this out of my mouth.
Ready?
Okay!
Front to back!
Left to right!
Come on, Wolves!
Let's fight, fight, fight!
Oh!
Chyna, you may be an Ant, but
you need to sound like a Wolf.
Oh.
Just be louder.
Okay.
Let's form a cheer line!
Ow!
Ooh!
Okay, let's work on our basket toss.
Yay!
Chyna!
Get in the basket.
Did you say basket or casket?
Come on, it's fun!
Okay.
Ready?
No, actually...
Where'd she go?
I'm over here.
Can somebody please help me down?
Never mind.
Okay, now we practice
pom-poms.
Good.
That sounds safer.
For night games!
Hot! Hot!
It's too bad we don't have marshmallows.
We can make s'mores.
Okay, Chyna, why don't you
lead us in the final cheer?
Come on!
Nice and loud!
Big smile!
Let me see those teeth!
I think there may be a couple
over there on the floor.
Ready? Let's go!
Give me a "W"!
"W"!
Give me an "O"!
"O"!
Give me a...
Oh, no!
You lost your voice?
This is terrible.
Now, you won't be able to
lead us in the final cheer
or audition for the
school musical tomorrow.
Oh, are those tears coming out of
your one eye that isn't swollen shut?
Sorry, I don't have any tissues.
Someone say they needed a tissue?
Care to make a donation?
Donation.
Mr. Zimbaldi.
Care to make a donation
a better place? E world.
Are you trying to cure baldness?
No.
There you are, man.
Look, I've been sitting here for an hour
and all we've got is 35 cents,
a chewed up piece of gum,
and an arcade ticket.
Ooh, I collect those.
What's the point?
You need like a million
tickets to get anything good.
No, I meant the chewed up gum.
Look, you said we were going to make money!
But nobody's giving us anything.
They just need a little incentive.
Oprah? How did you get
Oprah to endorse us?
I simply looked up the number
to her headquarters in Chicago,
called her, and when they wouldn't put
me through, I made the poster anyway.
Uh-huh.
Usually when I cornrow Chyna's hair,
I don't actually find corn in it.
Oh, so that's where that went!
Ew, gross.
If you're going to be all judgy,
maybe you should find
someone else to play with.
No, Angus!
You'll come around.
Ugh!
Chyna?
What happened to you?
You lost your voice?
Then act out what happened.
You were at the airport
helping planes land.
Oh, oh, oh! But the union guys didn't like
that, did they? So they roughed you up.
Use the voice app
on my A.N.T. Pad.
Just type in what you want to say.
Use your tongue.
You wore rigatoni about Lexi.
She is oval.
I shoulder have
licensed to you.
Oh, my gosh.
Lexi did this?
I am soupy.
Apology accepted.
Ow.
Well, what are you going
to do about the musical?
What?
Look, but you have to audition.
You may be bloodied, grotesque and
near impossible to look at,
but as my best friend once said,
"If you really commit to
something and do your best,
"you'll never
look like a fool."
I don't remember saying that.
This is fantastic.
Like for so many others,
our dreams come true.
Yeah.
But instead of the bling
bling, we got the wing wing!
Don't ever say that again.
Seriously, strike that from the minutes.
So, this is the End Hunger Today Club?
It was his idea!
Oh, Cameron.
You should be commended.
It's wonderful to see students
get behind a worthwhile cause like this.
Well, Principal Skidmore, the
one hunger that will never end
is my hunger to help people.
Uh-oh, our wings are here!
Uh, he means our angel wings,
which we've earned by doing such good work.
What?
These are Buffalo wings.
Get these out of my sight.
Just set them outside.
Wait!
I know what's going on here.
You two have created a fake club
and are using school funds
and fraudulent donations
to sit here and eat Buffalo wings!
He thought up the fundraiser!
He started the club!
I am an innocent pawn.
And he the one that called Oprah!
I don't care who did what.
What's important here is...
I want in!
Thank you.
Next!
Lexi! Lexi...
Oh, there you are.
For my audition, I will be
singing a song that I wrote.
♪ Marshmallow marshes
and gumdrop trees
♪ Chocolate bunnies
and gummy bees
♪ Doors made of s'mores
and streets of sweets
♪ You'll never feel down
when you're in Candy Town! ♪
Aw, wonderful, Lexi!
That was so sweet, I'm worried
about my blood sugar.
Oh, thank you.
No, seriously, I may faint.
Next up, uh, Chyna!
Chyna! Chyna!
Chyna!
Holy crab cakes!
Okay.
♪ Smiles don't
cost you anything
♪ So just be happy and sing
♪ Sing, sing... ♪
What are you all looking at?
Stop staring at me!
You think I asked to be like this?
I just want to belong and to fit in.
I may look hideous, but I have feelings!
I am not a freak!
I am a human being!
Chyna, that was amazing!
That was the best monologue
I've ever heard.
That was from The Hunchback
of Notre Dame, right?
Uh. Sure.
I mean, I knew you could sing,
but your acting skills, wow!
Not to mention your amazing talent with prosthetic make up.
I don't need to see anybody else.
Chyna's gonna be the lead of the school play.
- What?
- Chyna's gonna be the lead of the school play.
Gibson, Lexi needs a tissue.
Oh, there you are, fletcher.
Mmm!
What do you want?
Well, I still need
activity. Urricular.
Is this
uh, I want to join. Y club?
Sorry, we're full!
But there's only three people here.
I said we're full!
Come on, guys...
Before I eat it all.
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com